INTERNET RELAY CHAT

./ircserv <port> <password>

Name:		ircserv
Arguments:	port:		The listening port.
						The port number on which your IRC server will be listening for incoming IRC connections.
			password:	The connection password.
						The connection password. It will be needed by any IRC client that tries to connect to your server.

Allowed Fx:	Everything in C++ 98.
			socket				close
			setsockopt			getsockname
			getprotobyname		gethostbyname
			getaddrinfo			freeaddrinfo
			bind				connect
			listen				accept
			htons				htonl
			ntohs				ntohl
			inet_addr			inet_ntoa
			inet_ntop			send
			recv				signal
			sigaction			sigemptyset
			sigfillset			sigaddset
			sigdelset			sigismember
			lseek				fstat
			fcntl				poll (or equivalent*)
									*select(), kqueue() or epoll().

You must not develop an IRC client.
You must not implement server-to-server communication.

Must use poll()*
Must allow multiple clients simultaneously
Fork is prohibited!

Must implement the commands that are specific to channel operators:
	∗ KICK - Eject a client from the channel
	∗ INVITE - Invite a client to a channel
	∗ TOPIC - Change or view the channel topic
	∗ MODE - Change the channel’s mode:
		· i: Set/remove Invite-only channel
		· t: Set/remove the restrictions of the TOPIC command to channel operators
		· k: Set/remove the channel key (password)
		· o: Give/take channel operator privilege
		· l: Set/remove the user limit to channel

Socket: is essentially a file descriptor. A socket is an endpoint that enables two processes to communicate with each other, either on the same machine or across a network.

Test example
	Verify every possible error and issue, such as receiving partial data, low bandwidth, etc.

	To ensure that your server correctly processes all data sent to it, the following simple test using nc can be performed:

		\$> nc -C 127.0.0.1 6667
		com^Dman^Dd
		\$>

	Use ctrl+D to send the command in several parts: ’com’, then ’man’, then ’d\n’.

	In order to process a command, you have to first aggregate the received packets in order to rebuild it.

Submission and peer.evaluation
	You are encouraged to create test programs for your project even though they will not be submitted or graded.

	Your reference client will be used during the evaluation process.

	During the evaluation, a brief modification of the project may occasionally be requested.
	This could involve a minor behavior change, a few lines of code to write or rewrite, or an easy-to-add feature.
	While this step may not be applicable to every project, you must be prepared for it if it is mentioned in the evaluation guidelines.
	This step is meant to verify your actual understanding of a specific part of the project.
	The modification can be performed in any development environment you choose (e.g., your usual setup),
		and it should be feasible within a few minutes — unless a specific timeframe is defined as part of the evaluation.
	You can, for example, be asked to make a small update to a function or script, modify a display, or adjust a data structure to store new information, etc.
	The details (scope, target, etc.) will be specified in the evaluation guidelines and may vary from one evaluation to another for the same project.

